Tweak setup documentation to be a bit more clear (#329)
deptagency/algomart: apps/cms/README.md

Once the environment variables have been added to the `.env` file, you'll want to create a new Postgres database with the name specified in the `DB_CONNECTION_STRING` in the `.env` file. You'll also want to set the `ADMIN_EMAIL` and `ADMIN_PASSWORD` values for the initial CMS admin user.

> Create the cms schema in your database
> 
> ```bash
> CREATE SCHEMA cms
> ```
> 

Reviewer: Schema is optional (and I'd rather recommend to use two separate DB instances to avoid messing up the data).

```suggestion
If using a single database, create the `cms` schema in your database before running the bootstrap scripts below.

```bash
CREATE SCHEMA "cms"
```

```
